Greg Murray: My name is Greg Murray and I have one center and it's in Tampa, Florida.
Greg Murray:  I had a corporate career for about 35 years and we did a lot of moving.
Greg Murray: Ahm and, it was a very good career in corporate America and I was fortunate enough to be able to
Greg Murray: retire when I was 55 five years old. Ahm so after a couple years of that ahm, I failed at retirement.
Greg Murray: Um, my wife and I basically decided we needed to do something. And because
Greg Murray: I had a lot of experience in business I wanted it to be business related.
Greg Murray: So we started looking at different opportunities and we, we have three criteria
Greg Murray: for the things that we were looking for. Ah, the first was that we wanted to do something
Greg Murray: that was interesting and challenging and UPS Stories are interesting and challenging.
Greg Murray: Ah, they are really are quite complicated. Ahm, you're learning something new every day.
Greg Murray: Ahm, you never know what's coming through the door in terms of your customer and what they need.
Greg Murray: So The UPS Store network really fulfilled that requirement. Ah, the second thing is we wanted
Greg Murray: to do something that was meaningful, Ahm, the interesting thing about UPS Store
Greg Murray: is that when the customer walks to the door there's an extremely high probability that they're coming
Greg Murray: there to do something that is important to them. Ah. they have a very precious item that they are
Greg Murray: depending on you to pack correctly and ships somewhere, not get it broken. Ah, get it there on time.
Greg Murray: Ah, their in there to get a will notarized or power of attorney notarized. Ahm. they are overnighting
Greg Murray: a very critical documents for resale, ah re, real estate deal or some type of legal matter.
Greg Murray: Ah, they are looking opening a mailbox for their new business or they are concern about the
Greg Murray: security of their mail or the packages that are coming to their house. Ahm, the third criteria is
Greg Murray: that was we wanted it to be financially successful. Ahm, we had retired uhm, financial thing
Greg Murray: wasn't that important to us but having spent a long time in business uhm, if your business is
Greg Murray: profitable it proves that you're doing something right. Uhm, anybody can run a business at a loss.
Greg Murray: Uhmm if you're providing value to your customers. If you're being inventive and creative
Greg Murray: Uhm you are rewarded with profitability and so if you pick a good location for a UPS Store and
Greg Murray: you put time and effort into it and deliver good customer service it can be financially rewarding.
Greg Murray: So for my wife and I ah, we had the three criteria. It needed to be interesting and challenging
Greg Murray: it had to be meaningful and it had to have the opportunity to be financially rewarding
Greg Murray: and The UPS Store fulfilled all those cur, criterial and we have not been disappointed in any of that.
Greg Murray: Ah, I came out of a corporate background ahm, which was good. I worked for a very, very,
Greg Murray: very large companies. Ah, one of  the things I wanted in a small business which is what a
Greg Murray: UPS Store is, is a lot more flexibility and a lot more control. Ahm, listen, there's a natural tendency
Greg Murray: or, or tension between a franchise in the franchisor. Aah, it doesn't matter what system you are in.
Greg Murray: Ahm, as a franchisee there's, there's things you are required to do and standards you're expected
Greg Murray: to meet. And that, that's everywhere in franchise system. Uhm, and when I worked in corporate
Greg Murray: America a dealt with a lot of people who are questioning whether they wanted to stay in the job
Greg Murray: they were in or how to build their career. And what I used to tell them was if you're happy 80%
Greg Murray: of the time in your job then you have a very good job. And because there is no such thing as a job
Greg Murray: that's a perfect all the time. And 20% of the time things are going to drive you crazy and you wish
Greg Murray: you could change them and you wish people were not asking you to do the things that they're
Greg Murray: asking you to do. But if 80% of the time it's what you want then that's great. So in the franchise
Greg Murray: business or in our UPS Store 80% of what we do is stuff that we really enjoyed doing ah, 20% of it
Greg Murray: makes us crazy but we try to ignore that. And so what The UPS Store has done for us is given us
Greg Murray: a lot of flexibility and a lot of control. Ah, we hire the types of people we want to hire. We
Greg Murray: motivate them the way we want to motivate them. We can reward them the way we want to
Greg Murray: reward them.  Ah, we get to treat our customers exactly the way we want to treat customers and
Greg Murray: get rewarded or not rewarded depending on how well that goes. So unlike corporate
Greg Murray: America where you're kind of in a box when you are running a UPS Store you really have a lot of
Greg Murray: flexibility control over what you do and that is one of the things that we enjoyed the most within the system.
Greg Murray: The beauty of a UPS Store is that it is, is has many, many prophet centers. Ah, there's many things
Greg Murray: that you can do. Ah, you have a base shipping business that, that kind of comes to you naturally
Greg Murray: but there's many other services that are very profitable that you can offer your customers.
Greg Murray:  And ah, what we like most is we like dealing with our customers. We have a term we call:
Greg Murray: we've turned the customer. ah, invariably you're going to have people coming into your store
Greg Murray: and are just not happy. Ah, they're not happy in life, their are not happy right then, something
Greg Murray: has gone terribly wrong. Ah and you, and they just not pleasant people. We like turning them.
Greg Murray: We like giving them enough surface and keep him happy and solving problems to the point
Greg Murray: where they become our most loyal customers. They come back time and time and they tell
Greg Murray: all of their friends. Um, the people who come in with the biggest problems the biggest issues
Greg Murray: if you turn them and if you keep them happy they are your biggest fans the biggest advocates
Greg Murray: in your, you know one of your greatest supporters. So of all the things that my wife and I enjoyed
Greg Murray: about the store um, those are the things we enjoy. And if you do those things you do get
Greg Murray: rewarded with very strong growth and very strong profitability. First thing is customer service
Greg Murray: the other stuff is a positive side effect coming out of that.